Welcome to the second
week of Fortran
for scientific programming.
So the main new thing which
we learn about this week
is in fact arrays
and of course it's
a very important part
of scientific computing,
since they're used to
represent vectors and matrices.
We will also go more in-depth
into various Fortran features
which were introduced before,
but not in sufficient detail.
So at the end of this
week, you will actually
have a pretty good
overview of Fortran
as a programming language.
A few things are missing,
but that's for weeks to come.
Don't forget the
capstone exercises
because those are your
main learning opportunity.
Let's go for it.